docs(#5018): add documentation for disable init endpoints annotations/args (#5020)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/subscription-methods.md

> **Note:** Programmatic subscriptions are only read once during application start-up. You cannot _dynamically_ add new programmatic subscriptions, only at new ones at compile time.

{{% alert title="Disabling programmatic subscriptions" color="primary" %}}

> If your application does not use programmatic subscriptions, you can disable the automatic HTTP call to `/dapr/subscribe` to reduce log noise. Use the `--disable-init-endpoints subscribe` flag with `dapr run`, or the `dapr.io/disable-init-endpoints: "subscribe"` annotation in Kubernetes. [Learn more about disabling initialization endpoints.]({{% ref "arguments-annotations-overview#disable-init-endpoints" %}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application does not use programmatic subscriptions, the automatic HTTP call to `/dapr/subscribe` can be disabled to reduce log noise. Use the `--disable-init-endpoints subscribe` flag with `dapr run`, or the `dapr.io/disable-init-endpoints: "subscribe"` annotation in Kubernetes. [Learn more about disabling initialization endpoints.]({{% ref "arguments-annotations-overview#disable-init-endpoints" %}})
```
